#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
cachecontrol==0.12.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jwkaas
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   google-crc32c
    #   jwkaas
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jwkaas
    #   requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
colorama==0.4.4
    # via click
connexion==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jwkaas
    #   pyopenssl
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
firebase-admin==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-sslify
    #   flask-testing
flask-auditlog==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-no-cache==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sslify==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-testing==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==1.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
google-api-python-client==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-auth==1.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-datastore==2.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-firestore==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==1.41.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.53.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jwkaas
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openapi-schema-validator
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jwkaas==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
libcst==0.3.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
numpy==1.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
openapi-schema-validator==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
pandas==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==3.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
    #   jwkaas
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jwkaas
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
pypdf2==1.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clickclick
    #   connexion
    #   libcst
    #   openapi-spec-validator
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   connexion
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   jwkaas
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   protobuf
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
swagger-ui-bundle==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcst
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libcst
unidecode==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jwkaas
    #   requests
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
zipp==3.5.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
